file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_0.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_1.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_2.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_3.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_4.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_5.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_6.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_7.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_8.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_9.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_10.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_11.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_12.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_13.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_14.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_15.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_16.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_17.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_18.png
duration 1
file movie_plots/mutinfo_kxUbmap_19.png
duration 1